EXTERNAL FEATURES SO FAR:

- Display news from News.API

- Allow user to create Link

- Allow user to create Poll.

- Display articles in newspaper format.

- Display single article.

- Allow postingn and display of nested comments.

- Log-in & register - basic functionality.

- History page that shows what you've posted & voted on.


INTERNAL FEATURES SO FAR:

- Gozilla server.

- News server - Downloads news articles from News.API

- Image server - Downloads news images and converts them to image thumbnail.

- Image scraping code.

- Gozilla form library.


MISC FIXED THINGS:

X voting on a poll from /news goes to viewing poll instead of activating vote

X Add "POLLS" to main news page, right after NEWS or as 1st cat.  (A category just of polls.  I got fdbk f Ryan H to make POLLS more obvious.)
	X Try making POLLS first.  (Will probably require better art)

	X SERVER-TODO: create polls!!!
  
X Forms:

	X dropdown forgets value!!!
   
        X password needs 2l input w/ matching verification and mask w eyeball

	X remove autocap f username
	
	X dropdown text cutoff
	
	X "Select" text for dropdowns

        X (optional) animate placeholder text to label / try always having label (Tried, it didn't look good.  Code is commented out in template file.)

        X "Party" -> "Choose a Party"

        X "Other" -> add text input
        
        X "Other" -> didn't let him register
        
        X "Party" -> Add other common parties, like Libertarian, Socialist, Progressive?

X Make up / ranking / down + n comments bigger on mobile, so ppl c C / click on it!  Aldo top menu.  May need to keep vz but remove votezilla for space on top?


X new dino thumbnails for Polls, (X that don't stretch vertically)

X fix thumbnail aspect ratio in image service (take into account calculated 2 vs 3 lines)


X Unknown poll creation bug (possibly when adding / removing additional options ?)
 
Y Unknown weird bug if you choose an obvious username on Chrome (?)

X headline - doesn't show link

X comment out ... f article til feature is active

X rename "server" to "service"

X Ryan - add margins between Articles

X Add vote to DB and display results, also allow user to change vote.

X from /news, hovering over any poll choice highlights all of them

X fix login crash asserts

X Tweak article cat colors

X fixed link to home from top header and "votezilla" logo.

X fixed weird voting issue (it was due to duplicate polls with same id in /news.)

X upon poll creation error, n>=3 text inputs do not display with nuField format.

X fixed duplicate news posts in DB bug

X article - add back nav arrow

X made /article link for poll to go to viewPollResults2 if you already voted.

X Capped option maxlength to somethig reasonable, like 50, when creating polls.

X upon poll creation error, n>=3 text inputs do not display with nuField format.

x make polls not inline for clarity (one per line) - tried and too much space.  

X Add padding to the poll options

X Improve spacing and clarity of polls on /news

X fix weird wrapping issues with long titles and poll items (which Ryan was encountering too)

X fixed link to home from top header and "votezilla" logo.

X fixed weird voting issue

X fixed duplicate news posts in DB bug

X made /article link for poll to go to viewPollResults2 if you already voted.

X A 2 - article - add back nav arrow

X A 3 - See phone screenshot of weird science articles - 2367w old nat geo article, then only new-scientist.  (so nat geo is bad timestamp and then sorted very far back in the Q.)

X removed polls from processing in imageService, because not needed.

X added unique constraint for vz.newspost on (title, newsourceid)

Y 2 - ++ "..." for items that are too long, when viewing results (Don't need now, since I cap the length to 50)

X A 3 - "More options..." for too many options for poll

X A 2 - Add poll creation explanations

X Fixed ON CONFLICT sql bug in newsServer.  (Verified working on server.)

A 1 - radio options need more vertical padding, for mobile

A 1 - check poll options need more left padding, on mobile

A 2 - category - add back nav arrow to 'news' or 'home' or 'vz headlines'

A 2 - made category colorful headers thicker

A 2 - incr voting + comment power for now

A fixed issue where default thumbnail wasn't showing up during link post creation

A 3 - remove stretching from Mozilla nonheadline article news post

X - fixed issue with default image for poll posts pointing to localhost, now it uses '' as proxy for default image.

A 2 - up/down arrows need to be bigger and have more side spacing on mobile; the comment icon, too
A 2 - space out up/down buttons in /article

B 1 - add spacing around bottommost "more..." on /news

C 5 - Too many tabs open

B 2 - only show news posts w/ thumbnails  (still show other types of posts)

Found & fixed while testing:
- On Edge, long text title or poll items other polls, in /news.  This occurs when there are really long words.
  This occurs on my Edge (44.19041.1.0), not on Tom's (81.0.416.88).  Fixed, possibly, but it was for old IE browsers 
  which is a low market share.

- createPoll was crashing due to SQL error, fixed.

- Fixed article close button

- Fixed a bug preventing the ability to see immediate progress from up / down vote of any article in /news.  (Because I'd removed the anchor on a previous check-in.)

A 2 - why does this poll sort so highly?: "Create a test poll question with lots of words and options and also it"

JUST FIXED (7/22):
A 13 - Want to view poll results on /news & /article once you've voted on it
     - Shorten poll results via ... so it takes less space.  Maybe rename to VOTED:

A 5 - equalize /news article order a little / prioritize page rank multiplied by less.

A 13 - Need ability to add new option when voting

A 2 - try defaulting polls to no flags set.  (http://votezilla.io/viewPollResults/?postId=88165)  Ryan H.: "I chose None because I noticed several polls where it did not make sense to choose more than one option and accidentally did so myself. It would be nice to be able to change a poll if there have not been any votes on it (except maybe your own). Need to be able to delete a poll or post or comment."

A - 2 - Article (poll) - need smaller header image because it's hiding poll from user, creating confusion.
    ^^ I addressed this by anchoring user to the start of the poll when they go there.
A - 2 - clicking on comment icon from /news - should take you to "leave a comment" anchor - otherwise, confusing (TOM)

A - 2 - on multi-select poll, divide by total not max, so it adds up to 100% (TOM)

C - 2 - have back button for polls go back to POLLS

B 2 - make polls that have results abbreviated (due to long option text) should list # of votes.