./gozilla $(< ~/flags2.txt) -dailyEmail=true -featuredArticleId=183079 -dryRun=false -emailTarget=test -emailSubject="What is your opinion of the Mainstream Media?"


Leave your comments & cast your vote! https://votezilla.news/article/?postId=431635&changeVote=true#vote

Congrats to user @HappyGram for being selected for the Poll Question of the Day!



TOMORROW:
Do you trust the mainstream media?

POLLS:

Are you concerned about national debt?

What is your #1 political concern?

How can we fix police brutality?

Is America in decline?  (Or the West)

Re: do u personally know anyone who has died of Covid-19?
  - I think it can be very useful to collaborate official statistics with anecdotal evidence.  Please answer this poll if you can...

What is your favorite animal
   pet

Does free will exist?

Is time travel possible?

Will humans colonize space within our lifetimes?

Is European Socialism good or bad?

Should Trump get a legal extensions due to his legal team getting harassed and quitting?

Who would be your dream candidate in 2024?

Is the U.S. overpopulated, underpopulated, or neither?

Is Capitalism good or evil?
Is European Socialism good or evil?

How long will it take to find out the election result?

Will there be a peaceful transition of power

Should we wait to count the votes?

 Is the Coronavirus under control in the U.S.?

Electoral college

Favorite Simpson's character

Shoudl doctors and medical offices be required to post their prices, so patients know what they're going to pay?
Should we subsidize American manufacturing to rebuild our manufacturing industry?

How are you celebrating Halloween this year?

How long did China know about the Covid outbreak before telling the rest of the world?

Is Western Society in decline?

Who won the debate last night? (10/22)

Shutting down the country: Is the Cure Worse than the Disease

Do you support Universal Healthcare?

Do you support a national $15 Minimum Wage?
 S, U, It should be up to the states

Does Big Tech have too much power?

Post about trump 4d chess

Should the government encourage herd immunity?

Should the government taxes tobacco, should it also tax fatty foods, sugar, or red meat?

Should prisoners have the right to vote?

What should be the legal drinking age?

What should be the voting age?

What should be the age of consent?

Do you approve of Fauci's job handling the Coronavirus?

Should we pass a law preventing cruelty to livestock?

Does the US have a "rape culture?"

Do you support the tearing down of statues?

How do you define "racism?"

For the single people: Are you interested in getting married?

Will there be a civil war?

What is your stance on abortion? (multiselect)
 Pro-life, pro choice, prolife or pro open to a compromise: no abortions after 3 months, always allow abortions in case of rape or health risks

How many months of paid leave should women get for pregnancy?

Where do you identify yourself on the spectrum of gender rights? (multiselect)
 - women's rights
 - feminist
 - men's rights
 - mgtow
 - ____

Does the U.S. have a rap culture?

On polls, start over button at the bottom for poll clicking ui (like Add Option...)

I'm building an alt platform, and y'all are invited! It's called Votezilla, and it's about creating and voting on polls, sharing news, and positive political discussion... without all the censorship.  Check it out: http://votezilla.news


What is your stance on gun control?

What is your stance on abortion?

What should be the legal age of consent?

Was there a conspiracy in the death of JFK?

Do you agree with the Electoral College?

Rate each president 1-10:
  Trump
  Obama
  Bush
  Clinton
  Lincoln
  Washington

Do you support charter schools?

Was the Moon Landing faked?

Which country poses the greatest threat to the United States?
  China
  Russia
  Iran
  N Korea
  No country poses a threat


How has Covid affected you, both positively and negatively?

Do you support the US rejoining the Paris Climate Agreement?

MON:

WED:

THURS:
Who would be your ideal candidate for president in 2024?


What is the most inhumane atrocity in the present times?

Why did wearing masks become a party issue?  (Multi-select)
	Trump wasn't wearing a mask
	Trump said not to wear masks
	Distrust of the CDC
	The media praised some protests while condemning others
	Masks are a natural threat to liberty
	Masks are a symbol for self-censorship

How can we end political partisanship in America? (Multi-select)
	Elect moderate candidates
	End Cancel Culture
	Practice "positive politics" when having political conversations
	Stop supporting political violence
	Get the two sides together over a peace pipe
	I don't see an easy solution

Electoral College

What do you estimate Trump's odds of winning the election to be?


Do you support Three Strikes You're Out?

Do you support no-knock warrants?

Do you trust the news?

How has the Covid-19 pandemic personally affected you?
	illness, lose job, hurt my small businesses, isolated from friends and family, connected with friends and family,
	pursued hobby, lost a loved one / friend

Should we do away with electronic voting machines?

Do you trust the Mainstream Media?

Does America have a "rape culture"?

Do you trust polls?  (Yes, No, Not sure, Just Votezilla)

Is nudity in films wrong?

Do you support or oppose Elon Musk?  (Or: Is your opinion of Elon Musk positive or negative?)

What are the primary causes of racism?

Who is your biggest celebrity crush?  (Or political, or "What celebrity do you have a secret crush on?")

How long will it take to find out the election result?

Will there be a peaceful transition of power

Should we wait to count the votes?

 Is the Coronavirus under control in the U.S.?

Electoral college

Favorite Simpson's character

Do you trust the Presidential Election polls?

Do you plan to fly anywhere before the end of the year?

Should doctors and medical offices be required to post their prices, so patients know what they're going to pay?

Should we subsidize American manufacturing to rebuild our manufacturing industry?

How long did China know about the Covid outbreak before telling the rest of the world?

Is Western Society in decline?

Who won the debate last night? (10/22)

Shutting down the country: Is the Cure Worse than the Disease

Do you support Universal Healthcare?

Do you support a national $15 Minimum Wage?
 S, U, It should be up to the states

Does Big Tech have too much power?

Post about trump 4d chess

Should the government encourage herd immunity?

Should the government taxes tobacco, should it also tax fatty foods, sugar, or red meat?

Should prisoners have the right to vote?

What should be the legal drinking age?

What should be the voting age?

What should be the age of consent?

Do you approve of Fauci's job handling the Coronavirus?

Should we pass a law preventing cruelty to livestock?

Does the US have a "rape culture?"

Do you support the tearing down of statues?

How do you define "racism?"

For the single people: Are you interested in getting married?

Will there be a civil war?

What is your stance on abortion? (multiselect)
 Pro-life, pro choice, prolife or pro open to a compromise: no abortions after 3 months, always allow abortions in case of rape or health risks

How many months of paid leave should women get for pregnancy?

Where do you identify yourself on the spectrum of gender rights? (multiselect)
 - women's rights
 - feminist
 - men's rights
 - mgtow
 - incel
 - ____

Does America have a rape culture?

On polls, start over button at the bottom for poll clicking ui (like Add Option...)

I'm building an alt platform, and y'all are invited! It's called Votezilla, and it's about creating and voting on polls, sharing news, and positive political discussion... without all the censorship.  Check it out: http://votezilla.news


What is your stance on gun control?

What is your stance on abortion?

What should be the legal age of consent?

Was there a conspiracy in the death of JFK?

Do you agree with the Electoral College?

Rate each president 1-10:
  Trump
  Obama
  Bush
  Clinton
  Lincoln
  Washington

Do you support charter schools?

Was the Moon Landing faked?

Which country poses the greatest threat to the United States?
  China
  Russia
  Iran
  N Korea
  No country poses a threat


Which candidate is better equipped to handle the Coronavirus?



What are the most important issues to you, that made you vote the way you did?

Are you confident your mail-in ballot will be secure and counted?

Will there be a civil war in November?

Which group is more violent, Antifa or Proud Boys?
   Antifa
   Proud Boys
   Both are equally violent
   Neither group is violent
   Undecided
   Antifa is just an idea




Which is the worst human rights atrocity of the present?
  Chinese factories
  CCP persecution of Uyghur Muslims  ( https://s3-ap-southeast-2.amazonaws.com/ad-aspi/2020-03/Uyghurs%20for%20sale_UPDATE-03MAR.pdf?HkDS1tkITXTpF7eZJQ4AdwXTejt3ZDtC&fbclid=IwAR09Xdl_BnMpb5j_7l10RXbp1CznFJER3gS68ylB31yYqjqL0DZeJFJNRZs )
  Israels in Gaza
  US Prison labor
  Rape and child molestation in US Boarder Camps
  Pedogate
  Guantanamo Bay
  Drone Strikes


Does voting make a difference?



Will Joe Biden pack the supreme court?

Do you support the War on Drugs?

Do you support the Three Strikes You're Out law?

fb post: How many friends or jobs have you lost from Facebook and Twitter?  (Or it could be a poll.)


Who was the greatest American President of all time?

What are political issues that both sides would agree on?
 - If we can focus on what we agree on rather than what we disagree on, we can make more positive things happen in the world!

Where do you get your news from?  (Check all that apply)
 - Votezilla
 - CNN
 - Fox News
 - Google News
 - Facebook
 - Twitter
 - Television
 - Newspaper
 - New York Times
 - Breitbart
 - Timcast
 - China Uncensored
 - America Uncovered

Who do you think would do a better job protecting the country from the Coronavirus?
 - Trump
 - Biden

Will Congress pass a bill for a second COVID-19 stimulus package?

Have you ever travelled outside the country?


How many states have you been to?


What are political compromises that the two sides could agree on?

The Mainstream Media is... (Select all that apply.)
   mostly biased
   cherry-picked
   just plain fake news
   a somewhat-reliable source
   a mostly-reliable source
   the most reliable source
   a completely-reliable source
   the only reliable source
(^ fix grammar)

Do you support fracking?
   support
   oppose

What will happen to the price of oil? (bus cat)

What are issues that both sides agree on, mostly?

What are your top 3 movies of all time?  (Ranked vote, that ends in 3 items.)

What are your 3 favorite hobbies?  (Ranked vote, that ends in 3 hobbies.)
   game design
   travel
   hiking

Do you support Cancel Culture?

Have you ever been to a protest?


(vv wait til I have numeric support)
What percentage of cops are good?  What percentage are bad?
   100% good, 0% bad
   80% good, 20% bad
   60% good, 40% bad
   40% good, 60% bad
   20% good, 80% bad
   0% good, 100% bad



Should prisoners have the right to vote?

Ranked vote for president should include the popular forerunners.  Or do one poll w/, one w/o.

Which pillar of truth do you mainly base your beliefs upon, political and otherwise?
   Ethos - Emotion
   Logos - Facts, logic
   Pathos - Trust in sources, people, or authorities

Do you support a ban on assault rifles?

Do you support the Border Wall with Mexico?
   Support
   Oppose
   Neutral

Do you support the Tariff on China?
   Support
   Oppose
   Neutral

Do you support a national $15 Minimum Wage law for the US?
   Support
   Oppose
   Neutral

Is Pluto a planet?
   Yes
   No
   Undecided

When will asteroid mining become profitable?
   Within 10 years
   Within 50 years
   Within 100 years
   In more than 100 years
   It is impossible or will never become profitable

Should there be laws preventing animal cruelty in farms?

How can we prevent forest fires?
   Bring back clear cutting

What percentage of jobs will become obsolete due to AI & automation in the next 10 years?
	  0%
	 20%
	 40%
	 60%
	 80%
	100%

Is it still worth it to go to college in 2020?

Re-post (created = Now()) & share old polls.

Should we consider reducing the salaries of members of conggress?

What are the main factors preventing member of congress from doing their job, or what are the top factors influecing their vote?
   doing what they think is right
   representing their state
   political contributions / bribes from corporations
   their followers
   their party

What is your opinion of Netflix's Cuties?
   It's disgusting
   I have no problem with it

Which is more important, freedom or security?
   Freedom
   Security

Is Big Tech a problem?

Did FDR know that Pearl Harbor was going to happen?
  (There's some speculation that the US had broken the Japanese code, or ... told the president.)

Is the Earth flat?

Is rent control good or bad? Does it bring up values of rent in a city or lower them?
  (Credit to Dylan Smeder)



Blog:
	$3-4 trillion to corporations and $1200 to each American.
	vs $4 trillion could have given every adult 18 and over $1000 / month for the entire year!


SHARED POLLS:

X Do humans have free will, or is it an illusion?

X Should we ban electronic voting machines?

X How many firearms do you own?

X What are the top 3 reasons you voted for your candidate for president?

X Will Trump concede the election if he loses?

X Will the Democrats steal the election with bogus votes?

X If Biden is elected, do you feel he will shut down America due to the Covid 19 Virus?

X How are you celebrating Halloween this year?

X Do you consider this to be the most important presidential election of your lifetime?

X Does Donald Trump deserve the Nobel Peace Prize?

X Do you support Universal Healthcare?

X Which candidate is better equipped to handle racial inequality?

X Should the FBI investigate allegations against Hunter Biden?

X What is your stance on Abortion (select all that apply)
  Pro-choice
  Pro-life
  I'd be open to a
  (wait, isn't this in my notes somewhere?)

X How can we fix income inequality in America?  Select all ideas you agree with, or propose your own:
  35 hour work week
  Decrease college tuition
  Decrease salary and pensions of politicians
  Decrease or eliminate taxes on the poor and middle class
  Decrease taxes
  Decrease the maximum interest rate for credit cards & predatory loans
  End the private prison system
  Financial stimulus for small businesses
  Financial stimulus for US manufacturing companies
  Flat tax
  Higher minimum wage
  Increase Paid Time Off for employees
  Increase prison time for fraud and white collar crime
  Increase tax on tech giants
  Increase tax on the wealthy
  Increase tax on Wall Street
  Increase the estate tax on the wealthy
  Prevent CEOs from influencing or serving in political offices
  Prevent corporate donations to politicians
  Prevent illegal immigration
  Re-open society quickly and safely
  Require doctors & hospitals to publicly post their prices
  Stop bailing out the big banks
  Stop bailing out Wall Street
  Tax AI and automation
  Universal basic income
  Universal health care
(Share options as part of the FB post?)

X Do you support the taking down of the Abraham Lincoln statue?

X Who will you be voting for in November?
- Donald Trump (R)
- Joe Biden (D)
- Jo Jorgenson (L)
- Howie Hawkins (G)
- Kanye West (B)

X Will this election be decided by the Supreme Court?


X Will President Trump concede if he loses the election?