VOTEZILLA GROUP WELCOME MESSAGE:
Welcome to Votezilla, everyone!  Politics is broken in many ways, and Votezilla represents a movement to fix that.

Politics is the process of a society collectively attempting to make decisions that benefit the whole.  However, politics today is rife with abuses of power, echo chambers and two-party systems that have a dangerous polarizing effect, censorship, false narratives by the media, and a cancel culture that threatens those who speak their mind.

However, all hope is not lost.  The Internet is an incredible tool, and used the right way, we can bring about the types of positive change we want to see.  Positive politics discussion can be used to discuss the pros / cons of different issues, and unify different sides to common goals that we can agree on.  For what we cannot agree on, online polling can reveal how the population and various demographics feel on different issues, and this can be used to inform and persuade our politicians to do the right thing.  With Ranked Voting, we can elect the best candidates, not simply those who have risen to power in the Two Party System.  We can use anonymity to allow people to vote and speak their mind without losing their job.

Get a million people together, and the Berlin Wall crumbles.

Thank you all for joining this group.  Together, we can change the world!

FACEBOOK POST MISSION STATEMENT:
Some may ask:  Why am I creating Votezilla?  Does the world really need another social media platform?  Politics is broken in many ways, and Votezilla represents a movement to fix that.

Politics is the process of a society collectively attempting to make decisions that benefit the whole.  However, politics today is rife with abuses of power, echo chambers and two-party systems that have a dangerous polarizing effect, censorship, false narratives by the media, and a cancel culture that threatens those who speak their mind.

However, all hope is not lost.  The Internet is an incredible tool, and used the right way, we can bring about the types of positive change we want to see.  Positive politics discussion can be used to discuss the pros / cons of difficult issues, and unify different sides to common goals that we can agree on.  For what we cannot agree on, online polling can reveal how the population and various demographics feel on different issues, and this can be used to inform and persuade our politicians to do the right thing.  With Ranked Voting, we can elect the best candidates, not simply those who have risen to power in the Two Party System.  We can use anonymity to allow people to vote and speak their mind without fear of losing their job.

Get a million people together, and the Berlin Wall crumbles.

Do you want to be part of the movement to fix politics?
1) Join our Votezilla Facebook group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/2402226416745938/
2) Hop onto the Votezilla website, vote on some things, and start some discussions: https://votezilla.news/
Let's be the change that we want to see!




Will President Trump's COVID-19 diagnosis change his policies about the virus?

Follow the link to VOTE now on Votezilla, a social network I created to fix politics.  You can create and vote on polls, share news, and have a positive political discussion without losing your job or getting censored.  Check it out!



Truth. I'm taking up the good fight by creating an online platform for people to create and vote on polls, share news, and have positive political discussion. It supports ranked voting, anonymity (so your opinion won't get you fired), and is censorship-free. It's called Votezilla. I could use your support. Let's use the Freedom Machine to defeat the Oppression Machine: http://votezilla.news/


I've got another project in the works too, a social network called Votezilla, for people to create and vote on polls, share and read news, and discuss politics in a positive, anonymous, and also censorship-free environment. Feel free to check it out! http://votezilla.news

To anyone fed up with censorship, I've created a censorship-free social network called Votezilla, for speaking openly, creating and voting in polls, and sharing news!  You're invited to join, and I could use your support.  It's in beta right now, and I could use your feedback.  http://votezilla.io

So I'm working on another project,  Votezilla.  A censorship-free social network based on creating polls, voting, sharing news, and positive political discussion.



Regarding E-Direct Democracy,


Hey guys, I've been building a social network called Votezilla that's all about creating and voting on polls, reading and sharing news, and having positive political discussion, without all the censorship. Feel free to check it out: http://votezilla.news
I see this as a way to introduce a little bit of E-Democracy into our representative system, by being a way to hold our leaders accountable to the will of the public.
It's pretty new, I'm still implementing features, and I haven't started pushing it yet, but I'd love if you could check it out and leave me any feedback, that would be awesome.


Like Isaac Arthur, I too am interested in ensuring the integrity of our democratic process. Which is why I've been building a social network called Votezilla that's all about creating and voting on polls, reading and sharing news, and having positive political discussion, without all the censorship. Feel free to check it out: http://votezilla.news
I see this as a way to introduce a little bit of E-Democracy into our representative system, by being a way to hold our leaders accountable to the will of the public.
It's pretty new, I'm still implementing features, and I haven't started pushing it yet, but I'd love if you could check it out and leave me any feedback, that would be awesome.


MAIN FB MESSAGE:
Hey guys, I've been building a social network called Votezilla that's all about creating and voting on polls, reading and sharing news, and having positive political discussion, without all the censorship. Feel free to check it out: http://votezilla.news

I see this as a way to introduce a little bit of E-Democracy into our representative system, by being a way to hold our leaders accountable to the will of the public.

It's pretty new, I'm still implementing features, and I haven't started sharing it much yet, but I'd love if you could check it out and leave me any feedback, that would be awesome.
